feat(curriculum): create CSS Colors Quiz (#56473)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-css-colors/66ed8fe1f45ce3ece4053eb1.md

#### --text--

Which of the following is a valid way to represent a color in CSS?

#### --distractors--

`color-value: black;`

---

`text-color: blue;`

---

`font-color: red;`

#### --answer--

`#ff5733`

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the correct syntax for setting the background color of an element?

#### --distractors--

`bg-color: red;`

---

`background_color: red;`

---

`style: background-color: red;`

#### --answer--

`background: red;`

### --question--

#### --text--

> How can you set the transparency of a color to 50%?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How can you set the transparency of an element to 50%?
```

Colour transparency is managed by the alpha channel, the `opacity` property affects the entire element(s) targeted by the selector.

#### --distractors--

`bg-opacity: 0.5;`

---

`transparency: 50%;`

---

`alpha: 0.5;`

#### --answer--

`opacity: 0.5;`

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the equivalent `HSL` value for the color `#FF0000`?

#### --distractors--

`hsl(180%, 100%, 50%)`

---

`hsl(180, 100%, 50%)`

---

`hsl(360, 100%, 50%)`

#### --answer--

`hsl(0, 100%, 50%)`

### --question--

#### --text--

How can you set the color of an element to a random color?

#### --distractors--

`color: random();`

---

`color: #random;`

---

`color: any();`

#### --answer--

> No direct way to set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no direct way to do so.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the default value of alpha in `rgba` if it's not specified?

#### --distractors--

`0` (completely transparent)

---

`2` (completely opaque)

---

`0.5` (half transparent)

#### --answer--

`1` (completely opaque)

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is a valid hex color code?

#### --distractors--

`#12345G`

---

`#12ffg0`

---

`#12ffgg`

#### --answer--

`#ff12ff`

### --question--

#### --text--

How many hexadecimal characters are used to define a color in shorthand hex notation?

#### --distractors--

`5`

---

`4`

---

`2`

#### --answer--

> `3`

Reviewer: These answers are not code and do not need to be in backticks.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of these functions allows specifying the saturation of a color?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which of these functions allows specifying the transparency of a color?
```

Saturation is the second value of `hsl`.

#### --distractors--

`rgb()`

---

`hsl()`

---

`rgba()`

#### --answer--

`opacity()`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following hex codes represents a shade of red?

#### --distractors--

`#0000ff`

---

`#ffff00`

---

`#00ff00`

#### --answer--

`#ff0000`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which keyword sets the text color to the default browser color?

Reviewer: Inherit does not set the value to the browser default. It sets the value to the computed value of the parent element. Which can sometimes be the default value, but not always.
